Menu:

Home
All About Me
Design Philosophy
Curriculum Vitae
Contact
Site Attributions

New Menu:

Home
Philosophy
	I have the design doc now. I should add some other writings that I'm proud of and are self contained.
Portfolio
	HCI stuff
	Senior design
Involvement
	BSG
		Albright Photo
	SGA
	
Curriculum Vitae
	CV
	Entrepreneur Resume
	PM Resume
	Research Resume
	Law Resume
Contact
Calendar
	That's right! The calendar photos. Those are going in! Once I figure out how to integrate my google calendar into my website.
	I think I want the base calendar easily accessible, and I can bury the link to the months in some random part of my writing. 
Attributions

Things to work in:
Bio
	Who I am and what I do
	Education
	Skills and expertise
	Latest Project
Testimonials
Personal Branding
Blog
Elevator Pitch
Links to social media

Writing. I want my writing on this site.

I definitely need to add the videos we created in senior design and at hacc for big O
	It's in the directory. Would probably be better to make a link on youtube.

Elliot, the unholy hybrid of renaissance man and ne'er-do-well

I also want to add projects like my green roof, maybe some of my water and plumbing work. My wiring. These are my portfolio, and they are damned impressive. 
	Green roof
	Borden house plumbing
	Kyle's house plumbing
	Witherow Farm outbuilding electrical run
	Drafting examples
	Borden house networking
	Note that the website is coming from my own server, running my own git repository, once that is in fact true
	Magistrate's house plumbing
	Tesla coil
	Jacob's Ladder
	Oscilliscope
	1983 Honda Magna Restoration
	2001 Dodge Dakota maintenance
    
What do I want to do with this website? Short term... I'd love to add the above mentioned projects. Maybe create a hierarchical arrangement so that only the most recent stuff is on the home page, then there are categories of projects. Nah, short term is get all the projects on and give each its own relevant links, mostly these links will be internal and I need to write well about the work I did. Medium term could be the categories, and long term would be to build a search/filter operation so that you can browse my accomplishments in comfort.

Most importantly, however, is finishing the pages I have, including the contact me page, and then creating pages for each of the projects just to showcase. Also, maybe, a blog, maybe just philosophical rants, ideas, whatever. An 'of the day' or 'of the week' thing would be cool. Quote of the day, or what made that day, or something. As I go, maybe make an application to auto upload through various media, and note that that is one of my projects. 

I wonder what would be involved in making my home page order itself based on my most recent git pushes.

Current Goals:
1) Clean up links and menus
2) Add a blog section and make it look decent






