Blitz writing and the subject is me...

Oof...

I strive. I routinely bite off more than I can chew. I choke, I hurt myself trying to swallow. I get depressed about it. Then I get up and wander aimlessly for a while. Then I repeat. Always repeat.

I'm not happy with who I am right now, but I do strive. I have a vision of me, just there, just a little bit away. Just a choice away, and I'll be that someone. That someone who is above the petty partisanship, above reckless, emotional behavior. Someone who doesn't judge, because I've already been the best and the worst and learned that it doesn't matter. I won't hate you for where you are on your journey. I also won't get swept along in any current of the culture or any fad. I am what I am, and not likely to change in any way that matters. 

I have a lot of experience in a lot of areas and a lot of trouble trying to put it to effective use. I don't know what to write. 

I... I want to be a hero... I want to be better than I am. And I always will. I have a goal that can never be accomplished, and I know I can't accomplish it, and sometimes that is disheartening, but when that is so, I need to remember that that is the point. Having an unattainable goal is the point. Remember that life is the journey, not the destination. I don't want to win, I don't want to retire, I don't want to place my eggs in the basket of yet another generation of people who will fuck everything up. I want to be as great as I can be. I want to see how far that is. 

Infinite patience. It seems to me that I have the formula, and I lack only the means to implement it. Perhaps it is as the infiinite improbablility drive. I need a large but finite patience to implement the infinite patience. 

So who do I want to be? Who is that person I see within grasp? I'm someone who observes emotions more than I am subject to them. This allows me to be patient, for the frustration and rage that spawns from it may exist, but they do not hold sway. I am sexual, but not subject to my lusts. I can make difficult decisions, because I am not encumbered by either emotional attachements or moral baggage. 

Focus and will. If all the signals begging you to get distracted or to satisfy some other need can be ignored, then you can continue in a pursuit indefinitely. 

The most important goal anyone can have for themselves or the people they lead: Always strive to be better than you are.
