The purpose of this project is to get J. Elliot Miller a job in computer science or a related field. This project, as any project, is not without obstacles. Elliot is 30 years old with a diversified (potentially read as: unfocused) background. He has been underemployed since graduation without any clearly successful projects under his belt. His network in his geographic region is underdeveloped. We have no clear direction and weakly written resumes and cover letters. Current internet presence is something of a mess. 

So, how might we approach this problem? The end goal and its value in general are quite clear. Specifically, we are not clear and that may be part of the obstacle. How might this fit into the larger structure of things is also an important question and one that might help clarify the specifics of this goal.

How much money are we looking for?
What benefits?
What fields?

These could be tradeoffs though and either we need to decide on a path or we need to create a valuation scheme to measure these tradeoffs. Deciding now would allow for more focused work.

Let's think about cause and effect. The effect in mind is a job. We can refine that later. I get a job from a job offer I want to accept. I get a job offer from an interview process. I get an interview process from an application. But wait! A successful application yields an interview. A successful interview yields a job offer. An appealing offer leads to an acceptance. And an acceptance leads to a job. The appealing offer neads to come from an appealing company. So first is finding appealing companies. Then the part I'm out of my depth on, the successful application. Two ways to approach this. Quantity and quality. Ultimately, it may prove that quantity is a false approach and quality is the only realistic way forward, however, in order to attain quality, quantity may be a useful tool.

An interative and scientific approach forward could be to send out a set number of similar apps and review the response rate. Then make adjustments and repeat

What am I trying to accomplish and why?
I want a job.
To vague. I have a job.
I want a job that uses the skills I have and challenges me to acquire new ones.
Good sound bite but still vague, and also impossible. No job will use every skill you have.
I want more money.
Okay...
I am seeking dominance over the the earth. I will likely never accomplish this, but I will try. Money is not the goal. Using my skills and education is not the goal. Social status and fame is not the goal. Power is the goal. Power is always the goal. My pursuit of employment will serve this goal or it will be deemed a failure. Furthering my education could be one route. A law degree. A PhD. So working at a university that would offer me classes and a foot in the door for that purpose would be acceptable. AI could be used as a weapon, and so a job that develops my knowledge of artificial intelligence would be acceptable. The Bayeux path could use money and skills/connections in small business.

So let's get specific: (AI OR ML) AND NYC AND ((Startups AND 70k+) OR University)
The project will be complete when an ongoing position is attained meeting these criteria.
