I taught myself my first coding language, creating macro games in Visual Basic, long before I began my formal education. Throughout my life - before, during, and after school - I have explored a number of industries and have been impressed with how many commonalities electrical service, HVAC service, business management, and computer science share. Creative problem solving and effective troubleshooting are my most universal, transferable skills, though I have also applied iterative and agile project management practices across a number of projects, spanning many industries. My experience working within several trades has given me the ability and confidence to jump into unfamiliar territory, approach problem solving from multiple angles, and adapt quickly.

I founded my own company in 2014 with the express purpose of giving myself the opportunity to learn new skills, explore new avenues, and broaden the bases of my abilities - all while providing crucial business services to small business within my community. Happily, the experience also expanded my strengths in many soft skills that can at times be excluded in technical fields.

Though I have many interests and regularly attempt to expand my own skills and viewpoints, my love of code always comes through: instead of manually solving logic problems in my philosophy courses, I wrote a program in C to solve every possible problem in that section. Using the logic of programming to solve my logic homework had a certain symmetry I appreciated.  

I am comfortable taking direction, as well as directing a team; while upgrading the Customer Management System from analog to digital, I had to both meet and interpret the needs for the small plumbing company that was trying to navigate modernization. 

I will provide Professional Physical Therapy with a unique breadth of experience that enables me to elegantly solve technical challenges, find creative solutions to data analysis problems, and easily build relationships with internal and external stake holders.

I look forward to hearing from you and answering any further questions you may have. 

Kind regards, 
J. Elliot Miller

elliot@alum.bucknell.edu/717.398.1540

