Love Conquers All
A Fairy Tale by H. Istor

Once upon a time, in a lovely and happy kingdon, there was a beautiful princess. This princess was gentle and sweet, with hair like flowing brandy, and eyes of cinnamon. She was the jewel of the land, and all her people loved her.
Also in this kingdon there was a knight-errant. This knight was handsome and charming, brave and valiant. He wore armor so polished it would serve as a mirror, and he rode a great white stallion. All who saw him adored him, and the princess was no exception. They fell in love and were soon engaged to be married.
But as it turned out, the knight was not as perfect as he had first appeared. The knight had a problem.
The knight was addicted to heroin.
But love conquers all and the princess accepted the bad with the good. Nobody's pergect, right? Their engagement proceeded as planned.
But the knight had another secret. He was a knight-errant because he had no estate. All his wealth and property had gone to supporting his habit, and when his money had run out, he borrowed more. Now he was deeply in debt, and his creditors were of an unsavory sort. They had followed the knight from his homeland and learned of his forthcoming wedding. To them, this seemed the perfect opportunity to collect on their due.
So these nefarious men kidnapped the princess and threw her in a dungeon deep below the earth, where they did evil things to her. And they sent word to the knight that she would be freed only if he paid what he owed them.
Well, the knight, being brave and valiant, chose not to condescend to meet their demands. Love conquers all, and so he donned his shinning armor, took up his great sword, and galloped off on his big white courser to rescue his beloved.
But then he got high.
Meanwhile, the princess, sick of waiting for rescue, sick of having evil things done to her, and generally sick of sitting in a dungeon, deciding to break herself out. Of course, this was not an easy thing, but besides being beautiful, this princess was also very clever, and her father had put her through training in the mysterious arts of the ninja. So she tricked her guard, stole a sword, and fought her way back to the surface and freedom. 
On the long walk home, while trekking through a forest, she found her beloved knight. He was sitting against a tree smoking a pipe.
"Love conquers all," she said quietly to herself. "Except heroin, apparently."
And with that, she took his horse and rode off back to her castle where she became the beloved ruler of all her people and lived happily unmarried ever after.

The End
