The dragon is the quitessential fifth element. An elemental beast, it is the epitome of the other. Un-understandable by mortals. it is the remainder at the end of the equation that is reality. Not god or mortal, but beyond either or. Dragons are creatures with close ties to magic, and magic is the metaphor behind our world. Thus the affinity for shiny and precious things. Beauty dovetails nicely with metaphor, as observed by plethora of metaphor required to define beauty.

This tie to magic and its inherent instability, however, makes dragons unpredictable. A classic example of this instability, down to the stability of the instability itself, is found in Karut.

Elves, as all fey, are creatures of both magic and nature. All fey have close connections to life and the process of living (and arguably unliving in certain fringe cases). Elves, specifically, bring wisdom and grace, and pass those attributes subtley and subconsciously into their environments. They nudge plants into conserving more water ahead of a drought, and herbivores into having fewer children to less tax the plants, and carnivores also to produce fewer children so the web is less jarred by perturbations. This guidance of the elves is natural and nearly thoughtless to all involved. That nearly is variable and correlated to race. The wood or bronze elves and the wild or green elves are more a part of the natural processes than explicit guides of it. Their presence promotes the health of their habitats, but they offer no suggestion that they are aware of this influence. The live, hunt, gather, and breed as the animals they live around. Sun, gold or high elves, or, to a lesser extent, moon or silver elves, are more active in their own management of their environment, directly shaping the natural world to their design and whims, as well as developing councils and discussing changes they wish to make. They shape trees and other plants into the structures they want to reside in, and bend the will of animals into their happy servants.

A quick list of elves ranked by their administrative vs integrative tendancies:

Astral/Lynyrian
Star/Platinum
Sun/Gold/High
Sulnay/Red/"dark"
Sea/Blue
Silver/Moon
Wood/Bronze
Wild/Copper/Green

Being a magical mirror through which the natural world is reflected, filtered and even warped, the elf and the dragon have some common denominators.
